Why did you come here suddenly? Are you clairvoyant?
Because although I am paying attention to you,
It's not like you, a little girl, who only has work in her heart.
Am I there?
Although you would have to ask me what it is.
You still have the nerve to say it
It's all your fault. I need to take better care of you.
If I don't choose to go away again,
Those people are going to kill me
Are you satisfied now that you have forgotten to vent your anger?
Satisfied, satisfied?
Then shouldn’t we talk about Jiang Li for a while?
Then I'll go back and talk to you about food.
It's ok if I have a meal
Your dear son A Xiao
I will be happier Gu Hua
You, don’t go too far. I’m worried about my fans.
why is he so nice to me
you are my wife
No one can be bullied
only i can
You also said you don’t have a vicious heart?
Go to the steel joint first
Still have to endure
I was going to sit down just now